README.md, before:

# znavot
A Python script for searching MediaWiki dumps for link trails

This is a very initial version, which barely works for the Hebrew Wikipedia.

This version is super-bare. I’m just trying to release early and often.
I’ll add running instructions, better error handling, support for other languages
and other much-needed features some time later.

# Installation
Before running, install pywikibot:
    pip3 install pywikibot

This repo includes a dummy `user-config.py`, which should be enough
for processing the dump.

# Invoking
    python3 znavot.py [-h] [--stop_after STOP_AFTER] dump_filename

`--stop_after` is useful if you want to quickly test without processing
the whole big dump file.

Use the `XXwiki-YYYYMMDD-pages-articles.xml` dump from
[Wikimedia Downloads](http://download.wikimedia.org/).

# Output
The output goes to the TRAILS_OUT directory.

The file `_single_trails.txt` includes trails that were only found once.

The file `_problematic_trails.txt` includes trails that couldn't be used for
file names.

Each of the other trails gets a file called `trail_X_TRAIL_titles.txt`,
where X is an index and TRAIL is the trail itself.

Author: Amir E. Aharoni

License: GPL 3.0

Thanks to the tireless Ladsgroup for the help with starting this project up.

Commit message:

Add support for language codes

README.md, after:

# znavot
A Python script for searching MediaWiki dumps for link trails

This is a very initial version, which barely works for the Hebrew Wikipedia.

This version is super-bare. I’m just trying to release early and often.
I’ll add running instructions, better error handling, support for other languages
and other much-needed features some time later.

# Installation
Before running, install pywikibot:
    pip3 install pywikibot

This repo includes a dummy `user-config.py`, which should be enough
for processing the dump.

# Invoking
    python3 znavot.py [-h] [--stop_after STOP_AFTER] dump_filename

`--stop_after` is useful if you want to quickly test without processing
the whole big dump file.

# Input
## Content
Use the `XXwiki-YYYYMMDD-pages-articles.xml` dump from
[Wikimedia Downloads](http://download.wikimedia.org/).

## Common trails
Every language has a list of trails that are common and valid, and that
don't need to be processed and counted. They are listed in a file in
the `common_trails` directory. The file is a simple text file with one trail
per line, and the file name is LANGUAGE_CODE.txt.

The script takes the language code from the `--language` argument.
If it's not given, it tries to figure it out from the dump file name,
and if this fails, too, the script exits with an error.

# Output
The output goes to the TRAILS_OUT directory.

The file `_single_trails.txt` includes trails that were only found once.

The file `_problematic_trails.txt` includes trails that couldn't be used for
file names.

Each of the other trails gets a file called `trail_X_TRAIL_titles.txt`,
where X is an index and TRAIL is the trail itself.

# Credits
Author: Amir E. Aharoni

License: GPL 3.0

Thanks to the tireless Ladsgroup for the help with starting this project up.
